remove platform configuration settings and re-phrase (#1271)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/enterprise-tenant-bundle/support-user-access.md

* Activated for all subtenants by default.
* Deactivated for all subtenants, but explicitly be enabled by a user for their tenant.

> This is configured globally in the *{{< management-tenant >}}*. Contact your Operations team on configuring the settings towards your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is configured globally in the *{{< management-tenant >}}*. Contact your Operations team on how to configure the settings according to your needs.
```

If a user with tenant management admin permission disables the support request, *all* support requests for the tenant will be disabled.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

The duration of the active support request can be globally configured in the {{< management-tenant >}} (default is 24 hours), see [Administration > Platform configuration settings > Support user](/users-guide/administration/#config-support-users).
The duration of the active support request can be globally configured in the {{< management-tenant >}} (default is 24 hours). Contact your Operations team on configuring this setting towards your needs.

Each new support request will prolong the support duration for the specified number of hours. After the last support request in a subtenant has expired or has been actively disabled by the user, the support user access for the subtenant will immediately be disabled (if not activated globally).

Details on the status of support requests and support user access for a tenant can be found in the **Properties** tab of the tenant, see [Managing tenants](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant#managing-tenants).

> ### To log in as support user

Author: @rssag Must be moved to the Ops guide
